Create new employee history start date default (#29)
fivetran/dbt_workday: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_workday v0.9.0-a1
[PR #29](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_workday/pull/29) is a pre-release that includes the following updates:

## Schema/Data Change
**1 total change • 1 possible breaking change**

| Data Model(s) | Change type | Old | New | Notes |
| ------------- | ----------- | --- | --- | ----- |
|  `workday__employee_daily_history` <br> `workday__worker_position_org_daily_history` | Data change | Default `employee_history_start_date` = `2005-03-01` | Default `employee_history_start_date` = `2025-03-01` | Aligns the dbt Core default with the Quickstart default. Users who do not explicitly set `employee_history_start_date` will now receive just over one year of history instead of all available history by default. See how to configure the `employee_history_start_date` to another date in the README. |

## Bug Fixes

> - Fixed an issue where `workday__employee_daily_history` and `workday__worker_position_org_daily_history` would fail on Snowflake with a `Date 'None' is not recognized` error. The models now handle null results gracefully by falling back to the `employee_history_start_date` variable and today's date respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes an issue where `workday__employee_daily_history` and `workday__worker_position_org_daily_history` would fail on Snowflake with a `Date 'None' is not recognized` error. The models now handle null values by falling back to the `employee_history_start_date` variable and the current date respectively.
```
